For the sake of fairness
How about I do it this time?
Adults please
Since you are all case-solving workers
It just so happens that the Criminal Department had a difficult case a few days ago
Let's see which of you can solve it
Sir, you can ask the question.
No matter how difficult the case
Students are confident they can solve it
The visa does not participate in the whole process
It seems that the identity of this person in front of you is not simple.
Qingfeng, how about you?
Hello sir
Go and call someone over
The adults have stayed
These three are the suspects in this case
The older one is Lao Han Li
The young man's name is Liu Neng
The woman is Li Bazu
A few days ago, Liu Neng and Li Dazu went to Jingzhao Mansion to complain of injustice
Said that Lao Li took 400 taels of silver from them
And Li Lao Han said that his daughter and son-in-law want to occupy his property
Both sides agree
No physical evidence
So it has been impossible to decide
This case is really difficult
As the so-called Jin Guan can't break the housework
That's right, which of you two will come first, bro, are you sure?
No hurry, let's wait and see.
It is better for Mr. Li to let the younger generation come first
It also happens to show some people what a real case is
Ok hahaha
Then it's up to you first